https://codepen.io/reddook/pen/QWwxzgN?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   	describe purpose of elements
    2. What is HTML used for?
	structuring and creating web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    	an attribute is a characteristic you can add them to html tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
   	to signify the first header you should use it one time
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
   	text / password
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<head> tag
    7. What is an id? 
	to manipulate an element with a specific identity 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class? 
	an attribute to group elements for certain tasks
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	html
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	an alternate text for an image if an image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section means grouping and div means a division in an html
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	by just using a tag name for example just use h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	class is to identify more than one element while id only identifies one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.classes
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	used to select elements with a specific parent useful when you don't want to 	       select 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.class a 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	specifies a special state of the selected element(s)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform uppercase lowercase capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted red;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current 
	folder?	
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with 
	this? 
	rm and because you can delete files 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	because it is important for documents that undergo a lot of revision and redrafting they can be changed a lot
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork, Collaborate, Clone, Branch, Submit PR A, Submit PR B 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	an inline element does not cause a line break (start on a new line) and does not take up the full width of a page  block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width of a page
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	it is taken out of the flow, other elements can be positioned around it as if it's not there
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element                       	that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 


